 I think the biggest thing that helped me create this project is being able to create shapes and textures that are accurate to real life. I had really followed things like complex shapes to really make my objects and shapes look more realistic. I'd say being able to create complex shapes you'd see in real life into a 3d enviroment is a very important skill to have. This class has made me want to look towards blender again, and I want to try and add texture and lighting to my projects there the same as I did for this project.

 I'd say a new development strategy I've learned is really looking at the scene/program, and figuring out what needs to be added to the scene, adjusting the code based off of a result that I can see and really tweak to my liking from there. Iteration is in my code especially with things like lighting. The lighting iterates through a list, and makes sure that the correct lights are being assigned values and displayed. My approach first started off as "How do I make my scene look like the assignment I did before?", but as I progressed throughout the milestones and eventually to my final project, my question became more "How do I make my scene look like my own thing?". I think I've realized that sometimes a certain style could be better than trying to go for a perfect copy.

 Computational graphics really can make a lot of difference in my career. I know that websites use openGL for some of their graphics, so if I wanted to be a web developer, I'd have to know a bit of openGL to really enhance websites in the future. I felt like using matrices in actual code helped me understand more about them, and how they work in real world applications. Thanks to this understanding, I can see how it would be applied to data sets as I am learning more about data analysis/data science.
